
SIGN IN WITH FACEBOOK OR TWITTER

Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter
SIGN IN WITH YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS

I have an account


Email Address


Password

 Remember me

Sign in with email
Forgot your password?
Create an account


Email Address

Send account activation
TAKE ACTION
 
ISSUES 
 
NEWS 
 
ABOUT 
 
MEMBERS ONLY 
 
DONATE/JOIN 
 

Sign In

search
BUSINESS DIRECTORY


CPA members can show off their businesses, products or services to others in our Business Directory!
 
To add your business to the list please email Sara at sara@prosperousamerica.org.
 

121C_Boards.png 

121C Boards
Manufacturer of high performance cruiser skate boards
The pure carbon fiber Aileron from 121C is the highest performance cruiser skate board available today, crafted under heat and pressure with carbon fiber that has been upcycled right from the production line of modern day rockets. Each pure carbon Aileron saves 5lbs of carbon fiber from ending up in a landfill and polluting this beautiful planet. The material that we’re collecting is actually export restricted by the state department. We literally have to build our board in the US and can’t be undercut by some overseas manufacturer.

http://www.121cboards.com
Contact email: ryan@121cboards.com
Phone: 323-391-1058
 

 

 b-and-b.jpg
 
B&B Precision Mfg. Inc.
Contract Manufacturing 
 
We specialize in precision machining and grinding as well as mechanical sub assemblies. Through implementing our mission of utilizing employee dedication and commitment, B&B has built a reputation of providing our customers with world class products and services that exceed their expectations. Whether it's a one off or a thousand pieces, our experienced engineering and customer service staff will assist you to insure your project is completed on time, defect free and at a competitive cost.
 
http://www.bbprecision.com
Location: Avon, NY
Congressional District: NY27
Contact email: jmacintyre@bbprecision.com
Phone: 585-226-6226
 

 
 
 bounce-composites-150x48.png
 
Bounce Composites
Thermoplastic Composite engineering and manufacturing.
 
Bounce Composites was born from an understanding that thermoplastic composites are inherently better than thermoset composites. Let's look at the facts. Thermoplastic composites are more durable. They have faster manufacturing cycle times. They require less labor and have a process and product with a smaller environmental footprint. What does this mean? It means Bounce Composites can build better products at competitive prices and we can do it here, in California.
Our goal is to work with industry-leading companies with whom we find a kinship - a synergy between their products and our technology. Our desire is for long-term relationships where we invest in each other and make our partnerships as successful and competitive as possible.
 
http://www.bouncecomposites.com
Location: Oceanside, CA
Contact email: james@bouncecomposites.com
Phone:  760-473-0360
 
 
 
 circle-mold-machine-150x37.png
 
Circle Mold & Machine Co., Inc.
Design and build tooling for the rubber industry
 
Established in 1966, Circle Mold & Machine Inc. has supplied the rubber industry with a variety of tools and services, including: compression, transfer, and injection molds, and also has repaired and updated such tools.  Located just outside of Akron, Ohio -- the “Rubber Capital of the World”, Circle Mold & Machine Inc. has close proximity to a large industrial base, allowing our suppliers to service us with quick deliveries and competitive prices, which we then pass on to you, our customer.  
Circle Mold & Machine Inc. is proud to have built a reputation of quality workmanship at competitive prices.  If you have any further questions about the company or the services we provide, please feel free to contact us at 330-633-7017.
 
http://www.circlemold.com
Location: Tallmadge, OH
Contact email: Esiciliano@circlemold.com
Phone:  330-633-7017
 
 
 
Exact_Tool.png
Exact Tool & Die, Inc.
Precision Die construction, metal stampings and assemblies
Exact Tool & Die Inc. is a private, family-owned company dedicated to precision Die construction, metal stampings and assemblies. We have over 25 years of experience developing parts for OEM and Tier 1 customers communicating Concepts, Engineering Changes and CAD support for major automotive programs and launches.Exact Tool & Die Inc. provides small to large-scale stampings and assemblies for a broad range of industries including automotive, computer, construction, lawn and garden, and medical. Our complete one-stop service including designing, prototyping, Die manufacturing, production run, and inspection methods allow us to fulfill all of your company’s needs with the absolute lowest lead times.

http://www.exact-tool.com
Location: Brook Park, OH
Contact email: fkchesek@exact-tool.com 
Phone: 216-676-9140
 
 
fei.jpg       
      
Cogent Strategies, LLC
Helping Businesses Drive Positive Change
 
We work with businesses, we have a particular fascination with Manufacturers, to lay out a plan to drive positive change. Typically our clients are mid-sized companies wanting to take their business to the next level, but we also help distressed businesses and those preparing to maximize their value in a sales transaction.
Our executives have firsthand, practical experience dealing with the challenges of growing and operating a business. They average over 20 year’s experience, serving as senior executives in a wide variety of industries. Every member of our team is an experienced business leader and will bring an objective and informed view to each assignment.
Cogent Strategies takes your success seriously and we are intellectually and financially committed to your achievement of our collective goals.
 
http://www.cogentstrategies.com
Location: Denver, CO
Congressional District: 6th
Contact email: ajbeck@cogentstrategies.com
Phone: 303-459-4870
 
 
 
 compass-clipart-Compass-Clip-Art-816.jpg
 
Compass Technologies, Inc
Software productivity tools for manufacturers.
 
Sale and support of computer aided design (CAD), computer aided manufacturing (CAM for machining), and computer aided engineering (CAE sheetmetal forming analysis, plastic injection molding analysis.
 
http://www.compasstechnologies.com
Location: North Olmsted, OH
Contact email: compasstech@alfoote.com
Phone: 440-420-1600
 
 
 
Logo-DRMA-150x51.jpg 
 
Dayton Region Manufacturers Association (DRMA)
DRMA is the voice of manufacturing in the Greater Dayton Region.
 
We promote business success through peer-to-peer networking, advocacy, education, economic development and sharing best practices.
 
http://www.daytonrma.org/
Location: Dayton, OH
Phone: 937-512-3862
 
 
 
fredon-corp-150x57.png 
 
Fredon Corporation
Precision machined parts and assemblies for Fortune 500 companies.
 
Manufacturer of precision machine and components for aerospace, aircraft, defense, locomotive, and medical industries. Fredon Corporation, celebrating 45 years in business in 2014, offers complete manufacturing solutions for precision machining needs. Precision parts are manufactured to the customer’s specifications – each project is unique in material, size and quantity. Fredon also works with customers and their engineers to produce prototype parts. Difficult and challenging projects are welcomed. Problem projects are seen as opportunities to show customers Fredon’s expertise and quality.
Fredon Corporation - Improving your Procurement, Performance & Profitability Since 1969.
 
http://www.fredon.com
Location: Mentor, OH
Congressional District: 14th Ohio
Contact email: roger.sustar@fredon.com
Phone: 440-951-5200
 
 
 
High-Road-Strategies-copy-150x33.jpg 
 
High Road Strategies
High Road Strategies provides thorough, definitive analyses and assessments of policy alternatives.
 
We offer an independent approach focused on comprehensive yet effective solutions, through:
Research using the most reliable information and data available;
Analysis to explain and clarify complex issues;
Assessment of opportunities, risks, alternatives and impacts;
Design of innovative policy options.
Clients rely on us to help identify and evaluate the best policies and strategies to solve pressing economic, environmental and workforce issues.
 
http://www.highroadstrategies.com
Location: Arlington, VA
Contact email:jyudken@highroadstrategies.com
Phone: 703-528-7896
 
 
 
3ae7254.jpg 
 
Hugh J Campbell, Jr. CPA
Governance Risk & Compliance and Regulatory Reporting Consulting Services
 
Governance Risk & Compliance and Regulatory Reporting Consulting Services, primarily, but not limited to, Federal Reserve Bank Holding Company, Dodd-Frank and FATCA.
 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/hughcampbelljrcpa
Location: Union, NJ
Congressional District: NJ (7)
Contact email: h.j.campbell@comcast.net
Phone: 908-230-3529 
 
 
 
kleinsteeldirect-150x93.png 
 
Klein Steel Service Inc.
Founded in 1971, Klein Steel Service Inc. is acknowledged as an innovative industry leader with over 360,000 square feet of facilities and a fully integrated distribution network that extends Klein Steel’s reach throughout the country. Expertise in carbon, stainless and other speciality metals means cost saving quality products for customers. Value added processing includes waterjet, laser, milling, drilling, tapping, machining, saw, shear, and burn. Klein Steel warehouses over 3,000 different types of metal shapes and sizes including plate, sheet, structural, flats, bars, pipe and tube. For more information about Klein Steel visit www.kleinsteel.com.
 
http://www.kleinsteel.com/
Location: Rochester, NY
Congressional District: 25th
Contact email: dkurvach@kleinsteel.com
Phone: 585-328-4000
 
 
 
manor-tool-150x34.png 
 
Manor Tool & Manufacturing Co.
Contract Manufacturing: A family of Precision Component Companies
 
Manor Tool & Manufacturing Company began as a tool and die shop in 1959, and has grown to become a first class metal stamping company, specializing in punching, bending, forming and deep draw stampings. Manor can produce your low volume needs in the prototype stage and produce your high volume needs that require progressive tooling.
We are a family owned metal stamping, fabrication, machining, and specialty tool company that has been in business for 55 years.
 
http://www.manortool.com
Location: Schiller Park, IL
Congressional District: 5th
Contact email: toms@manortool.com
Phone: 847-678-2020
 
 
manufacturing-mart.png 
 
Manufacturing Mart
Manufacturng Mart is a consultancy in B2B growth.
 
Manufacturing Mart is your first source of top industry talent with the education and industry experience capable of improving and growing your business. Our experts come from manufacturing, distribution, and retail. Your project team is chosen to best meet your needs.
Whether looking for new customers, opening new markets, or selling capacity -- Manufacturing Mart can optimize your supply chain and make you more efficient and profitable.
If adding capacity, designing or launching new products, promoting your core competency on the web or through social media -- we should be your first call
 
http://www.manufacturingmart.com
Location: Cleveland, OH
Congressional District: 11th District of Ohio
Contact email: mkd@manufacturingmart.com
Phone: (216) 672-0662
 
 
 
mdm.jpg 
 
MDM, INC.
Non-metallic pumps for industry
 
Serving Domestic and International markets in Residential Water Feature, Commercial Water & Wastewater and the Chemical Process Industry.
Multi-Duti Manufacturing, Inc. (MDM) has intensely cultivated its SEQUENCE®  and ADVANCE brand names since 1978. The names have come to mean high quality and innovation at a reasonable price within several pump market segments; Industrial, Commercial and Consumer. Recently, the additional trademarks VALUFLO®, SEQUEL® and GENESYS® are testament to an ongoing commitment to product development.
 
http://www.mdminc.com
Location: Colorado Springs, CO
Congressional District: CD5
Contact email:sales@mdminc.com
Phone: 719-634-8202
 
 
 
american-colonies-150x150.jpg 
 
New Colonies Trading & Commerce
Our company is working to establish a nationwide trading network of responsible American owned businesses. We issue Trade Charters and encourage chartered companies to use each others products and services.
 
Our focus is on small business, American manufacturing, and family farm agriculture. Our primary theme is "Buy Locally, Buy Responsibly, Buy American." In addition to our networking efforts, we have a film and publishing division and are working on other programs related to American travel, housing, industry, and history.
 
http://www.newamericancolonies.com
Location: Colorado Springs, CO
Congressional District: 5th Congressional District
Contact email: rghukle@msn.com
Phone: 719-649-0605
 
 
 
 Penn_United.jpeg
 
Penn United Technologies, Inc.
Penn United provides manufacturing solutions for customers needing precision components or precision-assembled products.
 
Our complete range of manufacturing services allows customers to simplify their supply chain logistics by using Penn United's "one-stop shop" manufacturing services.Whether the need is for a single prototyped piece, millions of precision metal components, or a complete turnkey assembly operation, Penn United’s highly skilled work force takes pride in responding to customers, toughest applications. Above all, Penn United is founded on its core values of integrity - and that’s what gets passed on to every customer…our assurance of absolute integrity.
 
http://www.pennunited.com/
Location: Cabot, PA
Contact email: becky_shaw@pennunited.com
Phone: (724) 352-1507
 
 
 
logo-planet-together-150x66.png 
 
PlanetTogether
PlanetTogether provides Advanced Planning and Scheduling software (Galaxy APS) and thoughtware to manufacturers.
 
PlanetTogether's Advanced Planning and Scheduling software (Galaxy APS) and thoughtware elevate manufacturers to Superplant status. Our solutions are strategic drivers of profitable growth and continuous improvement in the most complex production environments. Galaxy integrates with SAP, Microsoft and other ERP systems. We have clients and partners across the globe.
 
PlanetTogether Home Page
Location: San Diego, CA
Contact email:cees.molenaar@planettogether.com
Phone: 858-314-8834
 
 
 
revere-150x99.jpg 
 
Revere Copper Products, Inc.
Revere designs custom plate configurations and extrusions to formulating specialty alloys, and works with customers to produce copper materials to their exact specifications. Revere Copper meets your unique product requirements.
 
Revere Copper Products, Inc is one of the oldest, if not the oldest, manufacturing company in the United States. Founded in 1801 by Paul Revere, a prominent silversmith and maker of cast bronze bells and marine hardware, the new company met the young nation's need to establish a strong manufacturing base to preserve and protect its independence. Revere built the first copper rolling mill in the United States in Canton Massachusetts and our first products sheathed our ocean going Naval fleet (Old Ironsides), and covered the roofs of government buildings including the Massachusetts Statehouse.
Today Revere Copper Products, Inc. is a privately owned corporation whose only shareholders are its employees. Its business operates in a collegial, team-based structure with a manufacturing center in Rome New York.
Revere's products include copper and copper alloy sheet, copper strip, copper plate, copper bar and extruded copper profiles. We offer a wide range of differentiated products including market leading architectural surfaces and products, silver flashed bar, and specialty profiles.Serving markets including architecture, telecommunications, electrical and electronics, transportation, power generation and many , many others, we invite your inquiries and welcome your interest.
 
http://www.reverecopper.com/index.html
Contact email: revere@reverecopper.com
Phone: 1-800-448-1776
 
 
 
universal-electric-150x29.png 
 
Universal Electric Corporation
Universal Electric Corporation has been a leader in power distribution since 1924.
 
Today, this family tradition of innovation continues to pave the way for safer, more convenient, electrical power distribution systems for any industry. Our sales, service and technical professionals are ready to assess your electrical power needs and assist you 24/7.
When your company demands a safe, flexible, affordable, convenient or sustainable solution to your ever-changing power requirements – our company can make it happen. To learn more about Universal Electric Corporation and its products, please visit www.uecorp.com or call us at 800-245-6378. Contact email: tjozwiakowski@uecorp.com
 
 
 
 

SIGN IN OR CREATE AN ACCOUNT BELOW TO POST YOUR COMMENT


SIGN IN WITH

Facebook Twitter
OR SIGN IN WITH EMAIL


Email Address
 
Password
 Remember me
Post your comment or Create an account
SIGN UP FOR NEWS AND UPDATES


First Name

Email
Subscribe
POWERED BY PEOPLE LIKE YOU



MAILING
Coalition for a Prosperous America
P.O. Box 283
Southwick MA 01077
PHONE:
202.688.5145
EMAIL:
info@prosperousamerica.org
SOCIAL LINKS



HOME ISSUES MEDIA BUSINESS DIRECTORY ABOUT US © 2014 COALITION FOR A PROSPEROUS AMERICA. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Site by Outreach Nation + Created with NationBuilder